Grammar Mistake (#19772)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/common_questions/pages_sites_servers_and_search_engines/index.md

## Summary

> As with any area of knowledge, the web comes with a lot of jargon. Don't worry, we won't overwhelm you with all of it (we have a [glossary](/en-US/docs/Glossary) if you're curious). However, there are a few basic terms you need to understand at the outset, since you'll hear these expressions all the time as you read on. It's easy to be confused between these terms sometimes since they refer to related but different functionalities. In fact, you'll sometimes see these terms misused in news reports and elsewhere, so getting them mixed up is understandable!

Reviewer: The intended meaning is to _mix_ and not to _be wilderned_

```suggestion
As with any area of knowledge, the web comes with a lot of jargon. Don't worry. We won't overwhelm you with all of it (we have a [glossary](/en-US/docs/Glossary) if you're curious). However, there are a few basic terms you need to understand at the outset since you'll hear these expressions all the time as you read on. It's easy to mix these terms since they refer to related but different functionalities. You'll sometimes see these terms misused in news reports and elsewhere, so getting them mixed up is understandable!
```
